hi again welcome back to five year food
today I'm gonna be making cream fudge a
sugar and fat loaded confectionery which
while you probably shouldn't eating it
every day really does make a fantastic
tooth melting treat
to make this dish you're gonna need the
following ingredients 600 grams of sugar
300 milliliters of cream 300 milliliters
of milk 200 grams of butter 200
milliliters of glucose or corn syrup and
300 grams of raisins although those are
optional they are also going to need a
sugar thermometer and here are the
ingredients on-screen once again for you
now
start off by placing the sugar milk
cream butter and glucose or corn syrup
into a large deep pan melt the sugar and
butter down over a medium heat stirring
all the time until you can note on the
feet all the sugar crunching under your
spoon if you are adding raisins to the
fudge then stir them into the horn extra
nail place a sugar thermometer over the
edge of your pan and raise the
temperature bring the mixture to the
boiling before lowering the temperature
slightly and continue eating the mixture
through until it reaches about 116
degrees Celsius immediately remove the
mixture from the heat and allowed to
cool slightly for about 10 minutes stir
well and then pour into a lightly
greased baking tray store in a cool
place for a few hours until completely
set if you find for some reason it does
not set sufficiently then you can melt
it down once again and reheat to 116
degrees Celsius or a bit higher to
ensure a good consistency once
completely cool cut into small squares
and enjoy or give it away as gifts
thanks so much for watching I do hope
you've enjoyed this recipe today I'd
love to hear if you give it a try
and as always please check back again
soon for more recipes from five year
food